# Untitled Godot card game
Hi! This repository contains all the files for a collectible card game I've designed where players create the cards they want to play with. If you aren't familiar with Godot, then please note that any .tscn files are standard Godot templates, and any .gd files are scripts that I've written myself. Please also note that though I've fitted it to my purposes, the code for Godot's SQlite wrappers comes from this repository: https://github.com/2shady4u/godot-sqlite.

At the moment, this repository includes a script, cardmaker.gd, for a GUI that allows players to build their cards by clicking on the various building blocks of cards. Once the player has selected the minimum required elements for a card--a symbol to denote the card's type, and a symbol for the card's first effect--the cardmaker will create a human-readable image of what their card does and the symbols that went into making it. From there, the player can delete, edit, or save their card. If saved, the card is both stored on the user:// path and converted to a JSON file and stored in an SQLite database. Since this is still a very early build, I've been using characters from the Chinese character set to represent the various effects that can go into making a card. This does mean, unfortunately, that anyone unfamiliar with these characters will have a hard time understanding which symbols correspond with which values. I plan to remedy this once I've finished making the cardmaker itself.

This repository also contains the basecardtemplate.gd (in the cardtemplates folder), which the game uses to process data from saved cards. See, the cardmaker only saves the various data that makes up a card--for example, how much the card costs to play, or what type of card the card is, or the paths to the sprites that get loaded on to it. Cards are generated at runtime from the various hashtables that are saved in cardmaker, and it's the basecardtemplate script that knows what to do with those data structures.

This repository also contains test_card_viewer to allow the user to view twenty stored cards at a time by loading them from the SQLite database. At the moment, I'm just using this as a place to view large batches of cards at a time so I can catch edge cases in the human-readable card text.

Finally, this repository has testfield.gd, where cards can actually be used. For now, there aren't many effects that have been coded in. But having now figured out how to put cards together in cardmaker, save them, reassemble them with the basecardtemplate, and get basecardtemplate to tell testfield what to do, I hope to expand the range of makable cards and processable effects rapidly over the next few months. In all, the game will have something like 35,000 unique cards that can be made, and since card generation and processing is handled algorithmically rather than being hard-coded, I could easily add many more by adding more of the symbols that make up cards.

Thank you for taking the time to read this file!
